=SharpKit v4.05.3000=
  * Fixed localization issue
  * Fixed crash when referencing Microsoft Enterprise library
  * JsClr fixes: 
   * System.Linq.Enumerable.Any()
   * Object.Equals() methods implemented
   * System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary fixed

=SharpKit v4.05.2000=
  * Support not overwriting read-only files, if generated content is the same (for better source control support).
  * Fix AutomaticPropertiesAsFields bug in assembly references - fix automatic property detection
  * Fix static variables and properties issues in clr mode #11, #12
  * Create jQueryUI.Controls library - control wrappers for jQuery UI
  * Fixed #14 Wrong jQuery.each method signature

=SharpKit v4.05.1000=
  * Support JsMode.Json on enums
  * Support target type on enums
  * Support prototype mode automatic namespace declarations
  * Fix +=, -= on JsClr propreties
  * Added jquery ui button
  * Changed browser, fx and boxModel to static
  * Added Firebug console library (Credit: Nadav)


=SharpKit v4.04.9000=
  * SDK new build configurations, for multi target frameworks: v4.0, v3.5, two sets of assemblies
  * Skip SharpKit build when files are up to date.
  * Optimizations
  * Assembly versioning
  * New jQuery, jQuery UI assemblies

=SharpKit v4.04.4000=
  * Fixed upgrade bug (dll and exe files not overwritten)

=SharpKit v4.04.3000=
  * Support export of external types (enums and interfaces only) :-)

=SharpKit v4.03.9000=
  * Force assembly overwrite during upgrade
  * Support manual activation

=SharpKit v4.03.0000=
==Fixes==
  * Fixed upgrade issue in installation.
  * Added SharpKit SDK assemblies into installer.
  * Fixed automatic properties in assemblies bug.
==Features==
  * JsTypeAttribute.TargetType - support for external types, used as an assembly attribute.
  * JsTypeAttribute.PreCode/PostCode - support for adding manual js code before and after an export of a JsType.
  * JsTypeAttribute.OrderInFile - support for custom order of types in a single file, negative values will export the type before other types, positive values will export the type after other types.